Handbook - brand guidelines (#45563)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/brand.md

# Brand guidelines

These guidelines are for everyone at Fleet, including contributors and creative partners. Use this page to understand Fleet’s visual identity and design principles. It covers how to use the logo, typography, colors, and art assets in campaigns and media.

If you have questions or feedback, contact [Head of Design](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product-design#contact-us).

> For writing guidelines, see [Writing at Fleet](http://localhost:2024/handbook/company/writing).

## Logo

### Primary logo

![Fleet primary logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fleetdm/fleet/refs/heads/handbook-brand-guidelines/website/assets/images/brand-primary-logo-720x445%402x.png)

Use the primary logo whenever possible.

- Use the dark-text logo on light backgrounds
- Use the white-text logo on dark backgrounds
- Use the mono version only when color is limited or not allowed (for example, low-color printing or clashing backgrounds)

[Download primary logo](https://fleetdm.com/logos)

### Fleet dots

![Fleet dots](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fleetdm/fleet/handbook-brand-guidelines/website/assets/images/brand-fleet-dots-720x445%402x.png)

> Use Fleet dots for profile avatars on social media and similar platforms. Avoid repeating the full logo and dots together.

Author: ```suggestion
Use Fleet dots as a standalone mark where the full logo doesn't fit, such as profile avatars on social media and similar platforms. Avoid repeating the full logo and dots together.
```

[Download primary logo](https://fleetdm.com/logos)

> Be mindful of brand recognition. Only use Fleet dots when it is clear they represent Fleet.

#### Clear space

> Leave clear space around the logo equal to the height of the Fleet dots on all sides. This helps maintain clarity when placing the logo near other elements.

Author: ```suggestion
Leave a minimum clear space around logo marks equal to the height of the Fleet dots on all sides. This helps maintain clarity when placing the logo near other elements.
```
